@@ 香奈儿中国
edm@vip.chanel-club.com
edm@vip.chanel-eclub.com
chanel@chanel.sqeee.com
edm@chanel.com.cn
edm@eclub.chanel.com.cn

@@ Chanel US
chanel@enews-us.chanel.com
Orders@e-us.chanel.com

@@ TechNet
microsoft@e-mail.microsoft.com

@@ Twitter
info@twitter.com
notify@twitter.com
verify@twitter.com
newsletter@twitter.com

@@ OnDeck
mail@sealink.com.au
mail@joinondeck.com.au
no-reply@sealink.com.au
no-reply@joinondeck.com.au

@@ Captain Cook
donotreply@captaincook.com.au

@@ Appointy
donotreply@appointy.com

@@ 微软在线商城
microsoftonlinestore@campaign.microsoftstore.com.cn
return-to@mkt.microsoftstore.com.cn

@@ Tumblr
no-reply@tumblr.com

@@ Nike
nike@official.nike.com
jordan@official.nike.com
nikeofficial@newsletter.nike.com.cn
nikenew@newsletter.nike.com.cn

@@ Disqus
notifications@disqus.net
hello@disqus.com
noreply@disqus.com
help@disqus.com
hello@success.disqus.com

@@ Atlassian
noreply@mailer.atlassian.com
no-reply@atlassian.com

@@ Medium
noreply@medium.com
editors-picks@medium.com

@@ 携程
ctrip@ibuedm.ctrip.com
ENGLISH_FLIGHT_SUPPORT@CTRIP.COM
ctrip-overseas@ibuedm.ctrip.com
recommend@lists4.ctrip.com
Trip.com@newsletter.trip.com
ia_rsv@ctrip.com

@@ Marks & Spencer
marksandspencer@news.marksandspencer.com

@@ Microsoft Imagine
msimagine@e-mail.microsoft.com
msstdev@azureemail.microsoft.com
msstdev@microsoft.com

@@ 腾讯云
yun_noreply@tencent.com
cloud_noreply@tencent.com

@@ ResearchGate
no-reply@researchgatemail.net
no-reply@researchgate.net

@@ 1105 Events
1105Events@1105.net
1105Events@1105tech.com
VSLive@1105.net
TechMentor@1105.net
mmarzoni@techmentorevents.com
VSL@1105.net
VSLive@1105edata.com
Live360@1105.net
Live360@1105edata.com
Live360@1105data.com
TM@1105edata.com

@@ føtex
mail@nyheder.foetex.dk

@@ Microsoft Store
microsoftstore@microsoftstoreemail.com
stremail@microsoft.com
microsoftstore@email2.microsoft.com

@@ ACM
learning@acm.org

@@ Everlane
support@everlane.com

@@ Visual Studio Dev Essentials
vs_dev_essentials@e-mail.microsoft.com
VSDE@email2.microsoft.com

@@ Xbox Live Rewards
xboxliverewards@e.helloworldmail.com
xboxliverewards@rewards.helloworldmail.com

@@ iTunes U
iTunesU@new.itunes.com

@@ 程序员客栈
service@programmerinn.com

@@ Microsoft Billing
billing@microsoft.com

@@ 阿里云
newsletter@newsletter.aliyun.com
system@notice.aliyun.com

@@ LaFourchette
info@email.lafourchette.com
lafourchette@email.lafourchette.be
notification@lafourchette.com

@@ MSN
msn@e.microsoft.com

@@ KitchMe
kitchme@e.kitchme.com

@@ Français avec Pierre
info@francaisavecpierre.com

@@ Strava
privacy@update.strava.com
newsletter@news.strava.com

@@ Azure Team
azureteam@e-mail.microsoft.com
azurenewsreply@microsoft.com
wapteams@microsoft.com
azure@microsoft.com
Azuredataservices@microsoft.com
azure-noreply@microsoft.com

@@ SprezzaBox
support@sprezzabox.com

@@ 凤凰知音
ffp@enews.airchina.com.cn
ffp@enewsletter.airchina.com.cn
newsletter@news.airchina.com

@@ Designer News
hello@designernews.co

@@ LinkedIn
messages-noreply@linkedin.com
invitations@linkedin.com
news@linkedin.com
jobs-listings@linkedin.com
notifications-noreply@linkedin.com
marketing@ecn.linkedin.com
linkedin@e.linkedin.com
messaging-digest-noreply@linkedin.com
inmail-hit-reply@linkedin.com

@@ Grammarly Insights
info@send.grammarly.com

@@ 招商银行信用卡
ccsvcad@message.cmbchina.com
95555@message.cmbchina.com
ccsvc@message.cmbchina.com

@@ YouTube
noreply@youtube.com

@@ Keybase
notify@keybase.io

@@ Google+
noreply-google-plus@google.com

@@ Gap 中国
gap@email.gap.cn

@@ Gap US
orders@email.gap.com
gap@email.gap.com
gap@gap.narvar.com
custserv@gap.com

@@ IKEA US
IKEA-USA@e.ikea-usa.com
noreply@rating.email.ikea.com

@@ 知乎
weekly-digest@newsletter2.zhihu.com
account@mail2.zhihu.com
marketing@newsletter2.zhihu.com

@@ OneDrive
OneDrive@d2em.microsoft.com
no-reply@onedrive.com

@@ GitHub
no-reply@github.com
education@github.com
notifications@github.com
edu-noreply@github.com

@@ Microsoft Surface
email@engage.surface.com

@@ Microsoft Groove
groove@e-mail.microsoft.com
groovemusic@email2.microsoft.com
email@donotreply.microsoft.com

@@ Apple China
News_China@InsideApple.Apple.com

@@ GoDaddy
offers@e.godaddy.com
donotreply_SG@godaddy.com
AccountStatus@GoDaddy.com

@@ PayPal
paypal@mail.paypal.com
service@intl.paypal.com

@@ 浦发银行信用卡中心
estmtservice@eb.spdbccc.com.cn

@@ Windows Developer
info@dev-mail.windows.com
windows@microsoft.com
windowsinsiderprogram@e-mail.microsoft.com

@@ Coding.NET
no-reply@mail.coding.net

@@ Ashmolean Museum
subscriptions@mail2.mcsignup.com
subscriptions@ashmus.ox.ac.uk

@@ 草莓网
newinfochn@adv.strawberrynet.com
newinfo@adv.strawberrynet.com

@@ SegmentFault
notification@mail2.segmentfault.com
no-reply@segmentfault.com

@@ IFTTT
mail@ifttt.com
support@ifttt.com
alerts@ifttt.com

@@ Kaggle
team@kaggle.com
mark@kaggle.com
rachael@kaggle.com
colinmorris@kaggle.com

@@ Apple Music
new@applemusic.com

@@ Booking.com
noreply@booking.com
email.campaign@sg.booking.com
customer.service@booking.com
support.experiences@booking.com
noshow@booking.com

@@ Microsoft Office 365 Team
Office365@email.microsoftonline.com

@@ Microsoft Office Store
osdc1033@microsoft.com
appsource-no-reply@microsoft.com

@@ Feedly
support@feedly.com
hello@feedly.com
edwin@em.feedly.com

@@ App Store
AppStore@new.itunes.com

@@ Test My Site with Google
testmysite-noreply@google.com

@@ FALKE
news@message.falke.com

@@ Midttrafik
kvittering@midttrafik.dk
noreply@midttrafik.dk

@@ DSB
netbutikken@dsb.dk

@@ OneDrive User Voice
no-reply@onedrive.uservoice.com

@@ Visit Paris
internet@resa.parisinfo.com
no-reply@open-system.fr

@@ Viparis
contact@c-viparis.com

@@ 众安保险
cs@edm.zhongan.com

@@ Zleep Hotels
booking@zleephotels.com

@@ Travel Wi-Fi
sales@travel-wifi.com
order@travel-wifi.com
selfpickup@travel-wifi.com
support@travel-wifi.com
contact@travel-wifi.com

@@ Windows Store
microsoftstore@e.microsoft.com

@@ SAS
info-sas@flysas.com

@@ Microsoft Dev Center
microsoftdevcenter@microsoft.com

@@ Galeries Lafayette
galeries@news.galerieslafayette.com
galerieslafayette@coloradoconsumer-lab.com

@@ About.me
community@contact.about.me
privacy@team.about.me
privacy=team.about.me@about.me

@@ Daniel Wellington
danielwellington@newsletter.danielwellington.com

@@ Clustrmaps.com
support@clustrmaps.com

@@ JoyVPN 卓越 VPN
service@joyvpn.net
admin@joyvpn.net
admin@ijoyvm.com
service@ijoyvm.com

@@ Cloudflare
product-updates@cloudflare.com
no-reply@cloudflare.com
newsletter@cloudflare.com
legal-updates@cloudflare.com
cfmarketing@cloudflare.com

@@ Microsoft Support Verification
maccount@microsoft.com

@@ Microsoft Movies & TV
microsoftmoviestv@email2.microsoft.com

@@ Apple
noreply@email.apple.com
appleid@id.apple.com
no_reply@email.apple.com
discussions-updates@apple.com
AppleSupport@InsideApple.apple.com
noreply@applepay.apple.com
devbugs@apple.com

@@ Microsoft account
account-security-noreply@accountprotection.microsoft.com
msa@communication.microsoft.com

@@ Starbucks China
starbucks_survey@e.starbucks.com.cn

@@ Microsoft Edge Developer
no-reply@microsoftedge.com

@@ ShareLaTeX
news@sharelatex.com

@@ 京东
customer_service@jd.com

@@ Garmin
garmin@email.garmin.com

@@ 星巴克 My Starbucks Rewards
starbucks@e1.starbucks.com.cn

@@ NEAA 教育部考试中心
gre@mail.neea.edu.cn

@@ ETS
toefl@ets.org
etsaccount@ets.org

@@ 什么值得买
service@service.smzdm.com
weekly@newsletter.smzdm.com

@@ Microsoft HoloLens
email@engage.microsofthololens.com

@@ 京东JD.com
newsletter1@jd.com

@@ Instagram
no-reply@mail.instagram.com

@@ National Instruments
NationalInstruments@ni.com
china.info@ni.com

@@ Apple Support
AppleSupport@email.apple.com

@@ iTunes
discover@new.itunes.com

@@ Microsoft Support Survey
microsoftsupport@surveysitemail.com

@@ nVIDIA Developer
noreply@nvidiadeveloper.com
news@nvidia.com

@@ Path
noreply@path.com

@@ Google
no-reply@accounts.google.com
forwarding-noreply@google.com

@@ Visual Studio Community
vscommun@dc.microsoft.com

@@ 12306
12306@rails.com.cn

@@ 什么值得买
weekly@newsletter.smzdm.com

@@ IVI / DIVI Lab
no-reply@portal.lab.ivi2.org

@@ NuGet Team
noreply@nuget.org

@@ Amazon.com
delivery@amazon.com
digital-no-reply@amazon.com
account-update@amazon.com
auto-confirm@amazon.com
shipment-tracking@amazon.com
vfe-campaign-response@amazon.com
store-news@amazon.com
customer-reviews-messages@amazon.com
marketplace-messages@amazon.com
cs-reply@amazon.com
amazon-transcript@amazon.com
auto-communication@amazon.com
payments-messages@amazon.com
atoz-guarantee-no-reply@amazon.com
prime@amazon.com
amazon-student@amazon.com
order-update@amazon.com
store-offers@amazon.com
return@amazon.com
gc-orders@gc.email.amazon.com

@@ Woot.com
no-reply@woot.com
store-news@woot.com

@@ ETS
marketresearch@ets.org

@@ Overleaf
welcome@overleaf.com
maryanne.baynes@overleaf.com
john@overleaf.com

@@ 计蒜客
newsletter@jisuanke.com
notify@jisuanke.com

@@ V2EX
hello@v2ex.com

@@ 万门大学
wanmen@newsletter.wanmen.org

@@ Outlook.com Premium
OutlookPremiumHelp@microsoft.com

@@ CSDN
CSDN@mx239.edmsend.csdn.net
CSDN@mx214.edmsend.csdn.net
CSDN@mx222.edmsend.csdn.net
CSDN@mx199.edmsend.csdn.net
CSDN@mx241.edmsend.csdn.net
CSDN@mx216.edmsend.csdn.net
service@register.csdn.net

@@ Microsoft Connect
msftconn@microsoft.com

@@ 爱奇艺
no-reply@qiyi.com

@@ Microsoft User Research
invites@mailer.surveygizmo.com

@@ Microsoft
email@microsoft.com

@@ Berkeley Graduate Admisssions
gradadm@berkeley.edu

@@ BrowserStack
hello@browserstack.com
news@browserstack.com

@@ ApplyWeb On-Line Applications
applyweb@collegenet.com
accounts@applyweb.com

@@ Docs.com Team
docs.com@e-mail.microsoft.com

@@ IBM
service@newsletter.chinabyte.com

@@ Stanford Computer Science Graduate Admissions
admissions@cs.stanford.edu

@@ UCLA Graduate Admissions
admissions@grad.ucla.edu
gradapp@MVS.AIS.UCLA.EDU

@@ UCLA Finance
NOREPLY@FINANCE.UCLA.EDU

@@ My Starbucks Rewards
starbucks@e.starbucks.com.cn

@@ ApplyWeb
help@applyweb.com

@@ HappyCulture Collection
hello@happy-culture-collection.com
assistant@madeho.fr
hotel-belloy-saint-germain@experience-hotel.com
bonjour@hotels.happyculture.co
hotel-belloy-saint-germain@experience-hotels.com

@@ NYU Graduate Enrollment Services
gsas.admissions@nyu.edu

@@ MIT Graduate Application
gradapply-email@mit.edu

@@ 小象学院
admin@sc.chinahadoop.cn

@@ 天猫
wenjuan@new.mail.tmall.com

@@ Agiso自动发货
alds@agiso.com

@@ CMU CS Graduate Admissions
applygrad@cs.cmu.edu
root@visit.cs.cmu.edu
VPI-IntlFellowships@andrew.cmu.edu
cmu-forms-transformDONOTREPLY@andrew.cmu.edu

@@ CMU Reimbursement
acctspay@andrew.cmu.edu

@@ Illinois Graduate Admissions
gradadmissions@illinois.edu
admissions@cs.illinois.edu

@@ Columbia Computer Science Graduate Application
mice@lists.cs.columbia.edu
seasgradadmit@columbia.edu

@@ Georgia Tech Graduate Admissions
gradinfo@mail.gatech.edu
gatech@messages.collegenet.com
noreply@cc.gatech.edu
noreply@grad.gatech.edu

@@ Georgia Tech Athletics
updates@gtathletics.fan-one.com

@@ Princeton Graduate Admission
gsadmit@princeton.edu
gradapp@princeton.edu

@@ University of Washington Graduate Admissions
grad-advisor@cs.washington.edu

@@ UT Austin Graduate Application
applytexas@austin.utexas.edu
noreply@www.applytexas.org
services@cs.utexas.edu
intladm@austin.utexas.edu
csadmis@cs.utexas.edu
graddec@austin.utexas.edu
hotline@austin.utexas.edu
world@austin.utexas.edu

@@ U Texas IT
help@its.utexas.edu
isss-donotreply@austin.utexas.edu

@@ The Texas Edge
thetexasedge@austin.utexas.edu

@@ U Texas Alert
utsafetyalert@austin.utexas.edu

@@ UCSB Graduate Admissions
gradadmissions@graddiv.ucsb.edu
noreply@mail.authorize.net

@@ UCSB Support Desk Collaboration
support@ucsbcollabsupport.zendesk.com

@@ UCLA Anderson MBA Admissions
mba.admissions@anderson.ucla.edu

@@ NameSilo
support@namesilo.com

@@ 学堂在线
post@m-mail.xuetangx.com

@@ Flipboard
welcome@flipboard.com
no-reply@flipboard.com

@@ iBooks
iBooks@new.itunes.com

@@ Skype Notifications
no-reply@notifications.skype.com

@@ WeGene
no-reply@mail.wegene.com

@@ 清华大学计小研
welwitschia@contacts.edmails.com

@@ Microsoft Community
MicrosoftAnswers@microsoft.com

@@ Ali TMall Stat
aliresearch@new.mail.tmall.com

@@ ORCiD
support@verify.orcid.org
update@notify.orcid.org

@@ StackOverflow
do-not-reply@stackoverflow.email

@@ 中信银行
service@citicbank.com

@@ US DoS
DO-NOT-REPLY@STATE.GOV

@@ TeamViewer
service-noreply@teamviewer.com
SignIn-noreply@teamviewer.com

@@ US Travel Docs
support@ustraveldocs.com
no-reply@ustraveldocs.com

@@ US Visa Application
Beijingvisaapp@state.gov

@@ CITIC eVisa 99
service@mail.evisa99.cn

@@ Washington Square Hotel
reservations@wshotel.com
vharmer@wshotel.com
news@wshotel.com

@@ United Airlines
unitedairlines@united.com
noreply@qemailserver.com
UnitedAirlines@news.united.com

@@ 哔哩哔哩
verify@mail.bilibili.tv

@@ Name.com
noreply@name.com

@@ Uber
uber.us@uber.com
noreply@uber.com
email@et.uber.com

@@ OpenTable
no-reply@opentable.com

@@ Delta Airlines
noreply@delta.com
DeltaAirLines@e.delta.com

@@ 飞猪
alitrip@news.mail.alitrip.com

@@ Gogo
gogo@e.gogoair.com

@@ Bose
sales_support_us@bose.com

@@ UniFocus Survey
NoReply@UniFocusSurvey.com

@@ AliPay Service
service@mail.alipay.com

@@ Apple Store
noreply_apac@orders.apple.com
order_acknowledgment@orders.apple.com
shipping_notification@orders.apple.com
Do_not_reply@apple.com
order_update_cn@orders.apple.com
Your_order-is_almost_complete_AT@orders.apple.com
xidanjoycity@apple.com
statestreet@apple.com
universityvillage@email.apple.com
pickup_notification@orders.apple.com
your_order_US@orders.apple.com

@@ Bing
hello@email.bing.com
hello@email3.bing.com

@@ 淘宝网
taobao@mc.mail.taobao.com
news@new.mail.taobao.com

@@ Visual Studio Team Services
VisualStudioTeamServices@microsoft.com
VisualStudioOnline@microsoft.com
azuredevops@microsoft.com

@@ UCSB Housing
housinginfo@housing.ucsb.edu

@@ Box
noreply@box.com
noreply@customer.box.com

@@ Uniqlo USA
email@usa.uniqlo.com

@@ eShipGlobal
no-reply@eshipglobal.com

@@ INKstone
mail.baas@ink.one

@@ UPS Quantum View
auto-notify@ups.com

@@ Microsoft Build
microsoft@microsoft.com

@@ I-901 Payment Notice
i901noreply@fmjfee.com

@@ Strava
privacy@update.strava.com

@@ Intel Developer
wsm-postmaster@intel.com
intel.registration.center@intel.com
bounce@plan.intel.com
intel@plan.intel.com
subscriptions@plan.intel.com

@@ Wi-Fi Alliance
noreply@wi-fi.org

@@ Pastebin.com
admin@pastebin.com

@@ Devpost
support@devpost.com

@@ Plusdeal
support@plusdeal.dk

@@ Adobe
account-noreply@adobe.com
message@adobe.com
mail@info.adobesystems.com
mail@mail.adobe.com

@@ 学位网
services-xwcx@cdgdc.edu.cn
rzsq@cdgdc.edu.cn

@@ Strava
no-reply@strava.com

@@ 脉脉
noreply@mail.maimai.cn

@@ Zig-BaaS
baas@ziggurat.cn

@@ EndNote
endnote.account@clarivate.com
news@discover.clarivate.com
news@mail.discover.clarivate.com
news@mailinfo.discover.clarivate.com

@@ OnTheHub
noreply@kivuto.com
noreply@onthehub.com

@@ Instagram
security@mail.instagram.com

@@ JPMorgan Chase Bank
no-reply@alertsp.chase.com
smrfs@emailonline.chase.com
banking@email.chaseoffers.com
chaseonline@emailonline.chase.com
Chase@e.chase.com

@@ Facebook
notification@facebookmail.com

@@ SUBWAY Restaurants
account@email.subway.com

@@ 7-Eleven
7-Eleven@e.email.bp00.com
7Eleven@7-11.com
noreply@7-eleven.com

@@ Postmates
no-reply@postmates.com
news@app.postmates.com

@@ Google Forms
forms-receipts-noreply@google.com

@@ Microsoft Rewards
microsoftrewards@email.microsoftrewards.com

@@ Lyft
noreply@lyft.com
noreply@lyftmail.com
no-reply@lyftmail.com
noreply@marketing.lyftmail.com
hello@lyftmail.com

@@ AMC Theatres
noreply@email.amctheatres.com

@@ SharePoint Online
no-reply@sharepointonline.com

@@ Yelp
no-reply@yelp.com

@@ PhD Comics
support@phdcomics.com

@@ Piazza
no-reply@piazza.com

@@ Starbucks Coffee Company
orders@starbucks.com
Starbucks@mg.starbucks.com
Starbucks@e.starbucks.com
Starbucks@a.starbucks.com

@@ Doodle
mailer@doodle.com
noreply@doodle.com

@@ Microsoft Verification Service
verify@microsoft.com

@@ Slack
feedback@slack.com

@@ WordPress.com
passwordhelp@wordpress.com
donotreply@wordpress.com
help@wordpress.com

@@ Transactions on Medical Imaging
onbehalfof@manuscriptcentral.com

@@ Clover
app@clover.com

@@ Discover Card
discover@service.discover.com
discover@card-e.em.discover.com
CPSReview@discover.com

@@ 优酷
noreply@id-notice.youku.com

@@ Consumer Priority Service
cs@cpscentral.com

@@ Movies Anywhere
noreply@moviesanywhere.com
Welcome@info.moviesanywhere.com

@@ Universal Pictures Home Entertainment
news@m3.universalstudios.com

@@ Nintendo
no-reply@accounts.nintendo.com
nintendo-noreply@nintendo.net

@@ TechMatte
support@techmatte.com

@@ Microsoft Partner Center
msftpc@microsoft.com

@@ MileagePlus
MyMileagePlus@news.united.com
email@mileageplusshoppingnews.com
MileagePlus@news.united.com
MileagePlus_Partner@news.united.com

@@ Starbucks Information
info@support.starbucks.com

@@ Amtrak
etickets@amtrak.com
do-not-reply@amtrakguestrewards.com
updates@amtrakguestrewards.com
Amtrak@wbaresearch.com
amtrak@e-mail.amtrak.com

@@ 一亩三分地
1point3acres.com@gmail.com
1point3acres.com=gmail.com@mg.1point3acres.com

@@ Starbucks for Life
starbucksforlife@helloworldfulfillment.com

@@ Grubhub
grubhub@welcome.grubhuboffers.com
email@a.grubhub.com

@@ Microsoft Outlook Calendar
no-reply@microsoft.com

@@ L'Occitane en Provence
contact@contact.loccitane.com

@@ UNiDAYS
welcome@e.myunidays.com
no-reply@myunidays.com
offers@e.myunidays.com

@@ Washington State Department of Licensing
DOLEmailBounceBack@dol.wa.gov
noreply@dol.wa.gov
DRIVESEmail@dol.wa.gov

@@ SquareTrade Protection Plans
purchaseconfirmation@squaretrade.com

@@ Gradescope
team@gradescope.com

@@ LifeWise
noreply@LifeWiseAC.com

@@ MayTag Connect 360
info@connect360.maytag.com

@@ Montblanc US
service.us@montblanc.com

@@ JetBrains
no_reply@jetbrains.com

@@ Jo Malone London
JoMaloneOnlineService@jomalone.com
jomalone@e.jomalone.com
JoMaloneLondon@feedback.cfigroup.com

@@ Elsevier
eesserver@eesmail.elsevier.com
